The Joe Rogan experience.
2 0 5 Is kind of popping these days. It was a little sad.
It struggle city about a year ago.
A lot of killers, a lot of killers,
but no one that is a real promising threat to John Jones
Santos put on a show, put on Santos.
Blew out with the one leg. Yeah.
Yeah. And I knew it was neg was blew out early on. I, I.
Didn't. And then when they told me Tores, ACL cl Menis, everything I'm like,
and he still competed.
Like that.
I could tell early in the first he threw something early in the first,
you could see his leg going. Yeah.
I could you, you said something about it, right? I, something was going on,
although I will say this as Santos is bad as. And then before that,
Anthony Smith, both amazing fighters, John's getting little older,
John's getting older. And, and I think there's a guy and you know,
I think John's the greatest of all time, hands down, no argument. But he,
I think there's starting to be a little chin in his armor. Maybe.
You think so? Yeah. What makes you well.
With Santos there, there was some, Santo's.
A Savage man. Santo's a Savage for sure.
And John fought him standup for some strange reason. I was surprised,
especially with Santos's up leg that John didn't take that performance.
Didn't blow me away by John. No, by no means. No. And sanls had one leg.
I didn't understand that performance. Yeah.
I don't know why he didn't take him down. Right. I felt like.
John is one of the best wrestlers in the sport. He took down Daniel Cormier.
He submitted.
Little macheita. Yeah. I mean, uh, viorbell for, uh, rampage Jackson,
the Ryan badder. He's amazing.
He, yeah, he could take him down. I wonder what was going on there?
And the guy's got one knee. I mean, he can't even.
Walk. Right? It's very, the game plan was very strange,
but I saw that went well.
And here here's where I was thinking with that is will John go on defeated?
Probably. I bet a good amount of money on that, but there's a guy like, like a,
I don't think you can sit on the outside and beat John,
like a res like a super technical and long.
You're not gonna outsmart John on the outside. It's not happening.
I think it's gonna come from a guy like Johnny Walker who throws like a spinning
heel kick.
To catches John. And he is fighting someone. Good. Who's he fighting? He's.
Fighting your boy. He was just on the wrestler. The, the black dude. Oh,
Corey and Corey Anderson. They were talking to each other. That' in,
that's in New York. Ooh.
That's a good has Corey has crazy cardio. That's a great fight. Crazy.
Cardio. Let's see what if Johnny walkers? Cause if you beat Corey,
you're ready to go. Yeah. You beat him. We're going Sizzler. Yes.
Yes. Or if Cory beats him, he's going Sizzler. Corey Walker.
Corey's already there. Corey. Corey's already a elite.
Guy. Well, he is an elite guy,
but he's not being talked about in terms of a title shot style.
That's very frustrating to him. Yeah. But that style is hard to handle, man.
He doesn't.
Matter. They're not in the business of that. But.
Look at look at Kobe Covington. It's a similar style. Just constant pressure.
Yeah. You're right. And you know, but he talks.
A lot of Kobe did to get.
There. Yeah. Well Corey's a really nice guy and his nice.
Guy's finished last don't.
They? Oh. Sometimes they win you really? Yes.
Can the win in the no, he, he can win for sure. He's the dark.
He's gonna take a lot of work though. Yep. To get there, like you like, let,
let's say you have a guy, like, let's say you have a guy who's um,
like a con McGregor.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> he's gonna catapult to the front before a guy.
You're talking about personities yes. Yes. Catapult.
U of season go rocket ship go.
Isn't that crazy though? That that's like part of the sport,
part of the sport is how much money can you generate?
Because it's not just about how well you perform as a fighter.
It know it's about how many people are interested in you fighting. It's crazy.
It's crazy.
But that 's the nature of the beast in it. But.
That's why I hope that having a guy like Corey on my podcast,
or you having him on your podcast, lets people know what a great guy,
this is like, this is a guy to root for. He's a great guy. I agree.
And he can fight his off.
I agree. But the casuals don't for whatever reason,
they don't gravitate towards it. Well.
If he wins, they will.
Well, you just gotta become onto yes. Which he's he's.
Slowly getting there. Yes.
He's slowly getting there and he's got one of the best trainers in the world.
You know, Mark Henry is the and the best. Yep. And his camp is fantastic.
It's got Marlon and Frankie and oh, get a title shot. Oh, get shot. I,
I think so too. And you know, who's another nice guy. Bring a lunch.
You better pack a lunch if you're fighting Corey. But.
He here's where nice guys don't finish last.
If the guy they're fighting is down to play the game via DC, John Jones.
Mm-hmm DC's as nice as they come. Yeah. Doesn't talk.
HIMS steep a especially the first fight. Not,
but that sells just off their talents.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but if you can get a guy like josealdo con McGregor. Yeah.
Joe' as nice as they come. Yeah. They get as Irish tie wave and everyone's like,
I'll watch that. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and then Jo do,
even though he's one of the greatest of all time at 45,
everyone tuned in and then he, he kind of took a lot of fans with him. Even,
even though he lost, he was this huge star. Yep. That could happen for Corey,
with John Jones. Yeah. Although Jones John Jones, doesn didn't really talk to.
He's just a bad guy who 's outsides DC though. Him and D him DC hate each other.
Yeah. That's interesting. John Jones, DC for the heavyweight title.
I think that's the future you do. And if steep a wins in this, uh,
in this fight, that's next weekend. Next week, I think that steep a fights.
John Jones' heavyweight and John Jones moves up to heavyweight and tries to win
the title. Agree. Then DC fights John Jones for the heavyweight title.
When John's a champion,
if John could beat steep a or if steep a can beat DC
and then steep a could beat John Jones. And they have a, I mean,
depending on how the fight goes, look, the bottom line is DC nots steep,
a senseless one, or knocked him out cold for the title. It wasn't.
A dominating fight. I matter, he did not.
Him out. Doesn't matter. Boom. How goes the lights? A hundred percent champ.
Not cold. If he can beat him again, man. And, and say John Jones.
He's going too HES. Smarttogether.
Yeah. If he does that. Oh dude.
Biggest fight. You'll see history. Yeah.
At heavyweight it'll be enormous. What is this pound for pound Daniel.
Cormeier number two. Cabib number three. John Jones. Come on, settle.
Down's folks. Settle down. Whoever's doing that. Come on. But also John Jones,
listen to me. They fought John, but they fought beat him twice. He's undefeated.
He's beaten every human being he's ever competed against in real life.
Okay. Every single one. There's one loss in his career. It's a nonsense loss.
They're trying to reverse.
I'm 100% support reversing that loss a hundred percent at the very least make it
a no contest. John dominated that fight. Smashed him. There's no way.
That's a loss. If I was.
The UFC, I'll just mark it as he' is undefeated. In fact,
I wouldn't even acknowledge that undefeated. Yeah.
Wouldn even acknowledge it.
Your athletic commission. Ask Matt Hamel. His night went, watch the fight.
Did you see Matt Hamel talk to John. He's talking. Let's.
Have a rematch like wow bro. Are you.
Crazy, bro? You wanna lose your vision to what he doing?
<laugh><laugh> dude, just stop.
You some for that. Just stop all that. Hey dude.
Ham. Stop. Be cool though. You don'tm be cool. Even John went, come on bro.
He was even mean to him. Listen, John just goes, come on bro. I'll never fight.
There's.
Even, even a conversation about who's the light heavyweight goat.
He is no convers. No it's.
No. What are we talking about? No, John, anytime you talk pound for pound,
John's clearly been.
That it's like the only one who was challenging for pound for pound was mighty
mouse and mighty mouse. You know, the,
the caveat was that he never beat anybody like John Jones beat it.
Wasn't the same caliber a fighter. It wasn't a DC.
And then when he lost a Henry, Sahuto he go well, and by the way, super close,
decision loss. They're close could have gone either way.
They're close could have gone to mighty mouse. So you loss is a loss.
Loss is a loss. It's like I see Demetrious Johnson and mighty mouse and,
and uh, and John Jones as being an argument for number one. But after that,
there's no argument.
And especially in light heavyweight there's no argument's John Jones.
Everybody else can go pound sand. There's not is no one even close.
I think John goes to heavyweight. Everybody's too.
Although him him's DC at heavyweight is so much more interested than light
heavyweight. Cause DC knocks due to out man.
Right. And John Jones, if he goes up,
who knows if he will have the same cardio, who knows? If you have the same,
if he'll be as fast, there's something about guys going up like, look,
Luke Rockhold same, same story.
He goes up to light heavyweight and he's got all this extra bulk on him now.
See, I don't think John's.
Gonna go up up to like two 40.
I think he's gonna come in at a lean mean 2 25, 2 30.
Doesn't cut any weight. That's the way he dranked out anyways.
All he just does work.
Yeah.
Maybe he just comes in and looks just like John Jones at light heavyweight.
He just doesn't cut any weight.
And that's all, I mean, I don't know about now, but he,
especially back in the day when I was at Jacksons,
all he really did is go with heavyweights and raged.
All 'em raggged Allem I'll tell you what, when he fought OS P I talked to, uh,
Jackson afterwards and Greg was saying,
and I don't like the fact that he is been doing all this power lifting and,
and he goes, and I feel like that played a part in this fight. He got so jacked.
He did get giant, but I, I didn't think that I felt,
I felt that it was OSP.
I feel like OSP rose the occasion. He's a dangerous guy.
He's a super athletic guy. He's big. He's got a powerful left kick, you know?
And he's an awkward fighter. OSP fights awkward and you up.
And he catches you with a left.
Hook. Paul explosive, impossible to take down. Typically he's a strong.
Joke guy, man. And.
You know, I don't know.
Maybe we're just not giving these guys enough crew that's because I think cuz we
think so high of John. Yes. Whenever it's close. I'm like, ah, God,
John had an off night that's or maybe these guys are really.
Good. I think OSP rose the occasion. I have a lot of respect for OSP.
When I look at that fight, I was saying, OSP fought a great fight.
And he fought with a broken arm. Okay.
He fought the entire last round with a broken arm and never even said,
had a thing about it. He was fighting with a broken forearm. He's a beast man.
He's a beast. And that's why I think John didn't look so good in that fight.
I disagree that he didn't look good because of the weightlifting,
but I don't know him the way Greg Jackson.
Is. He's the only caveat to that. And I don't wanna open this can of worms.
That was also the first time he's been on a strict testing.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> that's what the nayayer of saying.
Well that is the first time maybe little Pico wasn't around.
I don't know here. Here's my defense of that. Being a John Jones, Dick sucker,
even with P you can fill up anyone who he fights on whatever PDs you want.
He's still beating him. Mm-hmm <affirmative> whatever he's doing. If,
whether he' is taking things or not,
you could give his fricking opponents <affirmative> as much as they want to.
They're not beating him. That's a tough argument though.
I don't know that test think. Yeah. I don't know if that's necessarily true.
You fill up chiiago Santos full of antidrol 50.
He might run right to talking about the.
Brazilian outside. Yeah, you might be right. He might might kick his head off.
He might throw some that pdoorbell.
Force spinning kick.
Yeah. Who knows man?
Who? I still think John, he just he's too smart, too technical. I don't know.
I don't either look, but we don't and we don't have to know.
We don't have to know. Cause that testing is strict.
Yeah.
I think I legitimately believe that what he got was through tainted means and
I don't even know if it was supplements. You know,
the big theory was that he got cocaine that was laced with creattine hope his
cocaine get creatine. Apparently according to someone who I know,
who really knows their, it was D I mean, this is not an ex, this is an expert.
He said, this is very common that when you buy cheap creatine, um,
cheap creatine often has other in it because you're buying it from China and
from other places that have unscrupulous mixing thing.
And I listen as one of the owners of on it. I know that this,
we never had our stuff test positive or steroids.
But what we did have is when we looked at the early batches of alpha brain,
we had it independently tested. You know, when we first,
when Auby and I first opened on it,
we didn't know what the we were doing in terms of,
we hadn't run a supplement company before.
And there was a lot of learning to do.
And one of the things that we learned was that when you're buying stuff and then
you're having stuff mixed, the people that are mixing it,
if you don't get the very best people,
you're getting people that mix stuff that don't clean out their vats.
So you might get winds straw in there. You can get anything in there.
We never got that. I want, we never got steroids in ours,
but probably cuz with the stuff we're buying is netropics, which are just, uh,
nutrients that enhance brain function. So the,
the people that were selling stuff were selling similar things,
vitamins and the like, so,
but we did get our stuff tainted in a sense with other nutrients
that weren't supposed to be in there.
So then we had to do some investigation and then we figured out what the problem
was.
And we adjusted our methods and we changed the way we changed the people we work
with. And we, we did a lot of different things,
but if you're buying cheap creatine, that's what, that's what Coke dealers use.
Joe, why is he buying cheap? Creatine? Are you saying the Coke from Coke?
A shady dude. Yeah. He's by I New Mexico Coke.
I'm not saying he is you're you're a millionaire dude might be listen,
I've smoked some weed from some shady people preach and I'm a millionaire too.
Preach people. Bring me some weed. If they're my friend, I'm like, all right,
bro, we'll smoke some weed. You ain't lying.